tooling

dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef
dotnet ef database update

migrations:
dotnet ef migrations add CustomUserData
dotnet ef database update

#debugging freezing solution
"C:\Users\Xyz\AppData\Local\Programs\Microsoft VS Code\Code.exe" --disable-features=CalculateNativeWinOcclusion

# issues:
1. using tab in grid: tabbing back on the last cell causes creating new row - need a fix - SOLVED
2. The ref field in the addresses grids needs to be disabled after saving. - SOLVED
3. No data in the grid when the page loads for the first time - SOLVED
4. Save button is disabled when a new grid row is added - SOLVED
5. Show errors in the grid - row level OR cell level - SOLVED
6. Fix the width of items in the grid - SOLVED
7. Support pagination in the grid
8. Support for dropdowns in the grid - SOLVED
9. support for row markers in the grid., e.g, row is added, updated, errors, (icons)
10. Enable save button when a line from the gird is deleted - SOLVED
11. Add support for resizing the columns - SOLVED
12. Clear model errors when navigate away from current record - SOLVED
13. Deleting a sub item does not work if any of the validation fails (e.g, city is empty) - SOLVED
14. Disable save button when the previous record is navigated - SOLVED
15. Show a warning if the record is dirty and the user tries to navigate - SOLVED
16. Show current record id in the address bar - SOLVED
17. Main form validation errors are not showing up.
18. Bug: Save main record, then add grid row and save -> a post request is sent instead of PUT. - CANNOT REPRODUCE!
19. Add possibility to upload data from files (excel or csv)
20. Add sorting to the grid - client side - SOLVED
21. Add search possibility in the grid
22. Add column configuration to the grid - SOLVED
23. Save grid configuration in a cookie per user
24. Allow the user to change the grid columns order - drag around
25. Show errors on the dropdowns in the grid
26. Inform user about the errors in the hidden column of the grid.